[Music]
good morning it's the first morning
waking up in the Cayman Island we both
woke up at like 20 past 6:00 it's mine
so I think we're still a bit jet-lagged
but I feel way more alive than yesterday
I just felt like a walking zombie I
tried a new tone room hair and it's got
rid of that grassy tone I'm super happy
about that first thing first
we're gonna head to the gym especially
after like such a long flight yesterday
I just can't wait to move I feel like
quite swollen
I always feel quite swollen after like a
long-haul flight and then just get like
the blood flow going again so it Mason's
got a rupee match towards the end of
this week Oh some of the Jamaican
players are arriving tomorrow so he's
gonna be training with them quite a lot
I think I'll be like on my own quite a
few bits of this holiday which is cool I
can just like explore and just chill out
and stuff but with this been like such a
last-minute trip I've just been like
trying to find out what those to do here
and there's so much like there's a
stingray city which is a place where
there's just like loads of friendly
stingrays that you can go and swim with
a wild turtle beach to which only two
get over 200 see well 30
if here as we've got an apartment it
means I can sort keep on top of my diet
stuff so I'm gonna eat relatively clean
and as well I feel like in the heat
appetite isn't as big anyway so it's
quite handy and I'm actually quite
thankful were in an apartment this time
it's gonna be chilled day and that's me
maesters gonna go to the gym then
probably like to a beach and just
explore the island a bit we're not going
to do anything - Hector's been thinking
about this moment's gonna be crazy busy
like it's my birthday and the 14th of
July I graduate on the 60 and then we
might be going away on the 19th as well
so it's just all how old all going so
yeah I'll just take you guys with me gym
outfit of the day I do leave instead I'm
gonna link a discount link if you do
like this I'm just having my morning
coffee out here the beach is just down
that way through there looks like such a
nice and clear day so I'm just cooking
some breakfast I picked up some ready
break from the supermarket yesterday and
also I found some sugar-free pancake so
we got this I'm chokolate woman but it
literally just tasted like chemicals it
was no nice coffee as well but I got
yesterday - fat-free milk and reset
lactose free I'm so gonna remember to
bring this resistance banks I usually
forget it when I grow faces though we
found this June when she's literally 5
minute what we did just drive and then I
told you as well
walk winces we can use it is in Majesty
residence
[Music]
[Applause]
I've just found a nail these clothes I
also didn't have time before we came
over to get these nails sorted and I
look she missing two so oh praise the
Lord and new nails
[Music]
Seanna garden it's like such a [ __ ]
simply a comment
[Music]
so these menu looks so good
I've just ordered
chicken grill those coconut wax
marinated kale chickpeas who takes all
the really nice of you cocktails sleep
party there is just something that know
about being viola week for your freckles
[Music]
so it just walking back to three
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh your club
nice fish curry just been exploring
really since we went to the gym this
morning income a little bit jet-lagged
see you pass behind I feel so sleek
right now so pretty I've kind of
expecting it to be like sort of a show
that is completely different like it's
quite Americanized
[Music]
so these must be like some meeting for a
heart or something
[Music]
last year about Sunday's I think
drunken fights coming to me Oh
I headed back to the apartment I think
it's gonna stall the garage I'm one of
these weird people I love storms I love
the sound of the rain and I thought it's
overrated we are going into the
supermarket a supermarket last night he
saw up my Lancelot
he'll never see me went to see one
yesterday but without tired like just
didn't really get anything to be honest
who just got bit milk eggs some really
all my goodness ridiculously nice
coconut bread not long since we saw a
car like overturned really hope the
person was okay which I please at the
scene and then just as we were pulling
like up earlier on when we got to run
point this like this guy in a car
literally tried to like tried to eat us
don't know why and then it makes it just
work but it wasn't a very choice I saw
ocean I thought always definitely gonna
hit here they didn't say that was crazy
another supermarket I think this is like
Costco version steer clear away from
this section it's all the sweets I think
wow I've never seen these before churro
styled oh my god oh my goodness me that
is the biggest what was a cereal of
everything in my life I've had a large
box of Shiraz this really reminds me of
America like alright universities in the
UK thank you so much for watching this
video I'm gonna do as many holiday blogs
as I can so I'll see you guys in the
next